Theatre productions
During each year a number of theatre festivals are held in cities around Italy. In January 2007 a festival called “Roma Loves Shakespeare” took place in Rome. Two different productions of “The Merchant of Venice” participated, one from a theatre in Pisa and the other from a theatre institute in Venice, featuring an ensemble of university art students. Other plays were Othello and a Midsummer Night’s Dream. 
The Grand Theatre in Rome offers two theatre shows each evening during September and October 2009. The play set up in this period is the "Merchant of Venice",given through an ensemble of well-known Italian actors. The Merchant of Venice was written during 1596 to 1598 by William Shakespeare, and it has 5 distinct acts. The premier of this production at The Grand Theatre was on September 7. Il Gazzettino gave the setup of the play 5 stars in a recent review.
Fabio Bianchi is an Italian actor employed at the theatre since May 2004, he is a part of the ensemble setting up the Merchant of Venice and he plays the Duke of Venice but also a servant in one of the scenes. During the second and third week of September the role of Shylock is played by Arnold Schwarzenegger as a special guest actor. 
-----
1.	When did a certain theatre festival take place?
2.	Where did a certain festival take place?
3.	What plays could be seen during a certain theatre festival?
4.	In what city is a certain theatre located?
5.	In what country is a certain city located?
6.	What play is the basis of this production?
7.	Who are the members of a certain ensemble at a certain point in time? 
8.	What plays did a certain author write?
9.	During what time period was a certain play written?
10.	How many acts does a particular play contain?
11.	When was the premier of a certain production?
12.	What is the “star rating” given by a certain newspaper for a certain production?
13.	At what time did a certain actor start working for a specific theatre?
14.	What roles does a certain person have within a certain production at a certain point in time?  
A production has exactly one premier.